Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[man clears throat]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[gavel banging]
Let's get to it.
All those in favor…
All opposed.
Well. the PTA has an accepted
set of rules concerning the prom.
Young ladies must wear
non-revealing dresses.
Young men must wear suits or tuxes.
And if a student chooses to bring a date.
they must be of the opposite sex.
Well. can't you just ban this student?
Well. we've been advised
that there may be some legal repercussions
if we prevent this girl from attending.
so although it breaks my heart.
we have no choice.
-There won't be a prom.
-[reporter 1] Mrs. Greene. a question.
[reporter 2] Have you asked the students
what they think of this?
[reporter 1]
Are you choosing not to comment?
[reporter 2] Hey. there's Emma!
Can we get a comment?
[reporter 3] Can you answer
some questions?
[reporter 1] Can we get a statement?
[reporter 2] Emma. what do you think
of the PTA's decision to cancel prom?
[reporter 1] Emma. do you have a response?
[upbeat music playing]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[horns honking]
[Frank] It's Frank DiLella
with New York 1's On Stage.
We're here for the opening night
of Eleanor! The Eleanor Roosevelt Musical.
starring the incomparable Dee Dee Allen.
-Dee Dee! You're a Broadway star.
-Yes. I am. [chuckles]
You have your choice of roles.
What drew you to Eleanor?
Well. Eleanor Roosevelt
was a brave. powerful. charismatic woman
who no one had ever heard of.
Her story needs to be told.
People need to know
it is possible to change the world.
whether you're
a homely middle-aged First Lady
or a Broadway star! [chuckles]
Barry Glickman! You were brilliant as FDR.
From the moment
I first stepped into FDR's shoes…
And when I say "shoes." I mean wheelchair.
…I had an epiphany.
I realized there is no difference
between the president of the United States
and a celebrity.
We both have power.
The power to change the world.
It's a weighty responsibility.
Let's talk process.
♪ When I'm in character. I go insane ♪
♪ I stagger. I stammer. I sob ♪
♪ I make the audiences feel my pain ♪
♪ And if they don't leave depressed
Then I've not done my job ♪
♪ Each time I find a role like Eleanor ♪
♪ The artist inside of me thrives ♪
♪ I put on that wig
And those prosthetic teeth ♪
♪ And know I'm changing lives ♪
♪ By the time I get tuberculosis
In act two ♪
♪ Even the people who are dead inside ♪
♪ Will shout. "Bravo." on cue! ♪
[all] Bravo!
The first review is in.
New Jersey Star-Ledger.
Don't tell me…
unless it's a rave or a mixed-positive.
It says we're a hit!
-[gasps]
-[all cheering]
[screams] Oh. my God!
[car horn honks]
[Barry chuckles]
♪ We're a hit and I think we deserve it ♪
♪ That's for sure ♪
♪ Also. it means that this tour de force ♪
♪ Will not be forced to tour ♪
[Dee Dee] To Eleanor!
May she run for eternity!
[all] To Eleanor!
♪ Cheers to a show that's so inspiring ♪
♪ It's almost too much to sit through ♪
♪ And if we run
That might mean one more thing ♪
♪ That in ten years or so ♪
♪ We'll do Eleanor Two! ♪
♪ I can predict
What the reviews will say ♪
♪ Before the next notice arrives ♪
♪ It's ground-breaking ♪
-♪ Earth-shaking! ♪
-♪ Life-affirming! ♪
-♪ Breathtaking ♪
-♪ Gut-wrenching! ♪
-♪ Heart-aching ♪
-♪ In two words. it's history-making ♪
♪ That's why every actor strives ♪
♪ For adulation ♪
♪ And compensation ♪
♪ That comes from nightly ♪
♪ Changing lives! ♪
It's just what we do.
The rest of the reviews are coming in!
[all exclaim]
New York Post.
Associated Press. New York Times.
-[all gasp]
-The New York Times!
Wow…
[Dee Dee] What?
-[Sheldon] Wow…
-What's happening?
This is not a review you want
when you have crappy advance sales.
This is gonna close us.
What didn't they like? Was it the hip-hop?
Yes. but not only that.
-For God's sake. Sheldon. Just read it.
-What? Read.
[Sheldon] Okay. just the highlights.
"Barry Glickman's FDR might just be
the most insultingly misguided.
offensive. and laughable performance
that this reviewer has ever had
the squirming misfortune to endure."
That's not so bad.
-Do her. Do her.
-I'm just saying.
Oh? Mmm.
"Watching Dee Dee Allen's
Eleanor Roosevelt
croaking out a heavy-handed
message of activism
is like paying an aging drag queen
to shove a syrup-soaked
American flag down my throat."
Well. that…
That's not criticism.
That's just… It's just a per…
[voice breaking] …a personal attack.
"If you're considering buying a ticket
to this show. do yourself a favor."
"Buy a few feet
of good. heavy rope instead
and then go hang yourself."
[Barry] Oh. God! Oh. God!
[mutters] What?
Was the show really that bad?
It's not the show. It's you two.
You're just not likeable.
-What?
Nobody likes a narcissist.
-Oh. this… [clears throat]
-Oh. that.
Leave it to me. I'll go and try
and change the narrative once again.
-I hate this world! This is bullshit!
-Just horrible. It's just… It hurts.
It… It hurts my heart.
-[Barry exhales]
-Where did everybody go?
-What can I get you?
-[both] Yola Mezcal blackberry smash.
[bartender] My condolences. Dee Dee.
But remember. you have friends.
Thank you. Who are you?
Trent Oliver.
Uh. oh…
-We've done five shows together.
-Oh. really? Oh. my God.
Trent went to Juilliard.
Won't shut up about it.
-Oh. right. Trent! Of course. Trent!
-Trent.
[Trent and Dee Dee chuckle]
Why are you dressed like a waiter?
-I'm in between gigs at the moment.
-[Dee Dee] Hmm.
Honestly. Dee Dee. I feel adrift
as I did in my days before Juilliard.
Oh. my God.
You see. my passions are fueled
by the power of Lady Theater
and how she can.
with a gentle touch of her hand.
sculpt a human soul.
-But we learned at Juilliard…
-Oh. mother of God.
If I could soliloquize.
"If you prick me. do I not bleed?"
"And if you do not pay me.
do I not still act?"
That might be enough.
Still. I have played Hamlet.
and yet I'm only known as that guy
from the beloved early aughts' sitcom…
[Trent] Talk to the Hand.
["Hold My Hand" playing]
[audience laughing]
I question
the very meaning of my existence.
[jazzy tune playing]
Maggie Smith once approached me
in a men's bathroom and she said.
"Who sent you? Was it Michelle Dockery?"
"Because the court said 500 yards."
You could tell she was scared.
-Hey. guys!
-[Barry] Angie! Angie.
I'm sorry your show
closed on opening night again!
[Barry and Dee Dee groan]
Welcome to the world
of the unemployed. Top me off.
I thought you were in Chicago.
[groans] I just quit.
Twenty years in the chorus and they still
wouldn't let me play Roxie Hart.
-[Dee Dee] Aw.
-You wanna know who's playing the role?
-Kelly Ripa?
-Cher?
-Connie Chung.
-Kris Jenner?
No. Tina Louise.
Ginger from Gilligan's Island.
Oh. my God. is she still alive?
[laughs]
[sighs]
We're wasting our lives.
Hmm. it's true.
At least we're all in the same boat.
"Misery acquaints a man
with strange bedfellows."
-[Barry] Oh. my God.
-That's from The Tempest.
Okay. one. shut up.
Two. I refuse to give up. okay?
We're… We're still celebrities.
We still have power.
[chuckles]
Now. The Times
sort of castrated you as it were.
[Barry sighs]
Yep. They wrote you off
as aging narcissists.
I still don't understand
what's wrong with that.
There's a very simple way
that we can still love ourselves
yet appear to be
decent human beings. okay?
We will become celebrity activists.
-[Angie] Oh! Brilliant!
-[Barry] Right?
-All we need is a cause.
-A cause célèbre.
Everybody think of some causes. Go.
-Um. poverty?
-Too big.
World hunger.
That is also a major thing.
No. we need something we can handle.
Some little injustice
we can drive to. Recycling.
-Let's see what's trending.
-[Barry] Recycling's good.
-Why are there so many award shows?
-Parking.
-[Barry] Or the TVs in the back of cabs.
-Oh! Oh. yeah. what about this girl?
Oh. my gosh. Check this out.
-[Barry] What girl?
-It's all over Twitter.
[Barry] Oh.
She's from Edgewater. Indiana.
She's a lesbian. She wanted to take
her girlfriend to the high school prom.
and the PTA went apeshit
and they canceled it.
They canceled prom?
-Are they allowed to do that?
-No.
[reporter] Principal Hawkins.
your response.
The first thing I'm going to do
is contact the Indiana state's attorney.
This is not about school rules.
This is a civil rights case.
Wait. seriously?
I'm betting pressure from the state's
attorney will stop these bigots cold.
It better.
Because I'll tell you this much.
If word gets out.
people are gonna get mad.
This pisses me off.
The next thing you know.
some modern-day Eleanor Roosevelt
is gonna march down here
and all hell's gonna break loose.
We have got to go down there
and raise holy hell.
We will be the biggest thing
to happen in Indiana
since… whatever's happened in Indiana.
-So this is it? This is our cause?
-Yes. Are you with me?
[all cheer]
-We'll have a rally!
-Yes!
-We'll have picket signs!
-We'll make T-shirts.
We'll get Sheldon to tag along.
He can find us a venue.
Oh. wow!
-Can we actually do this?
-You bet your sweet MILF ass we can!
[all laughing]
[exhales]
We are gonna prove…
♪ That in this day and age ♪
♪ Being gay isn't a crime ♪
♪ This is our moment to change the world ♪
-♪ One lesbian… ♪
-[Trent] ♪ Lesbian ♪
-[Dee Dee] ♪ Lesbian ♪
-[Angie] ♪ Lesbian ♪
♪ At a time! ♪
♪ We're gonna help that little lesbian ♪
♪ Whether she likes it or not ♪
♪ When you're a legendary thespian ♪
♪ First. you help the distressed ♪
♪ Then you help the distraught ♪
♪ We're going down
To where the necks are red ♪
♪ And lack of dentistry thrives ♪
♪ Why sing and dance
When you can take a stance! ♪
♪ And know you're truly changing lives ♪
Okay. now we have got to get an anthem!
-Like "We Are The World."
-Yes. but for lesbians.
Steve Sondheim'll write us something.
He's a big fan of my Sweeney Todd.
I'll handle this.
Wait. How are we gonna get there?
I just booked a non-union tour of Godspell
and it goes straight through Indiana.
-You can come with us on the bus.
-See? It's all coming together!
♪ We're gonna march
Until that town looks like ♪
♪ The end of act one of Les Mis ♪
♪ You don't gotta have a PhD in psych ♪
♪ To know that people kowtow
To the folks in the biz ♪
♪ We're gonna teach them to be more PC ♪
-♪ The minute our group arrives ♪
-That's right!
-♪ Those fist-pumping ♪
-♪ Bible-thumping ♪
-♪ Spam-eating ♪
-♪ Cousin-loving ♪
-♪ Cow-tipping ♪
-♪ Shoulder-slumping ♪
-♪ Finger-wagging ♪
-♪ Hoosier-humping ♪
♪ Losers and their homely wives ♪
♪ They'll learn compassion! ♪
♪ And better fashion ♪
♪ Once we at last start ♪
♪ Changing lives! ♪
Now let's go start a fight.
[bell rings]
[indistinct chatter]
[girl] Do you like the bears?
Yeah. you know.
I'm pretty sure this breaks a few laws.
-It's our way of saying thank you. Emma.
-Yeah. Thanks for canceling prom.
I didn't cancel prom. Your parents did.
Come on. Lay off her.
-Oh. are you on her side now?
-[scoffs] No.
I'm just not in third grade.
See you at practice.
Unlike your social life. this isn't over.
♪ Note to self ♪
♪ Don't be gay in Indiana ♪
♪ Big heads-up
That's a really stupid plan ♪
♪ There are places
Where it's in to be out ♪
♪ Maybe San Francisco or thereabout ♪
♪ But in Indiana. without a doubt ♪
♪ If you're not straight
Then guess what's bound to hit the fan? ♪
♪ Just breathe. Emma ♪
♪ Not everyone is that repressed ♪
♪ It wouldn't be high school
Without a test ♪
♪ Just close your eyes and count to ten ♪
♪ Go to your happy place ♪
♪ And then try not to combust ♪
♪ Just breathe ♪
[whistle blows]
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. Emma. Hey. who's this girl
you were gonna bring to the prom. anyway?
I didn't know we had
more than one lesbo in town.
-You don't know her. She's new here.
-Like an exchange student?
[whistle blows]
-Maybe.
-Mmm.
Well. then why don't you. like.
exchange her for a guy?
Ooh! Dude! Nice!
♪ Note to self
People suck in Indiana ♪
[sighs]
♪ Leave today
Pray the Greyhound isn't full ♪
♪ Who knew asking out a girl to the prom ♪
♪ Would go over just like an atom bomb ♪
♪ And make things much worse
With your dad and mom ♪
♪ And who'd have ever thought
That could be possible? ♪
♪ Just breathe. Emma ♪
♪ Picture a beach with golden sand ♪
♪ Picture a Xanax in your hand ♪
♪ Try journaling or start a blog ♪
♪ Just end this inner monologue ♪
♪ Seethe if you must ♪
♪ But just breathe ♪
Okay. I just got off the phone
with the state's attorney.
She thinks this is a civil rights issue.
This is a big deal. Emma.
So. what are you saying?
I'm just saying I'm really excited
to be a part of something like this.
We'll see how the PTA meeting goes.
Well. it's not gonna be fun.
We'll get through it.
Just take a sec. Relax.
[bell rings]
♪ Just breathe. Emma ♪
♪ Remember that thing called oxygen ♪
♪ Look at the crazy state you're in ♪
♪ Just smile and nod
Although they're jerks ♪
♪ Say "namaste" and pray it works ♪
♪ And like we've discussed ♪
♪ Just… ♪
♪ Breathe ♪
[bell rings]
[choir] ♪ When wilt thou
Save the people? ♪
-Blue one. Blue.
-This stop motion sickness?
Mmm-hmm. and everything else.
[choir] ♪ The people… ♪
[Barry] Okay. Enough! Enough!
Stop singing. stop!
You're making me hate God.
-[Angie] You're scaring them.
-They're scaring me.
How about we do some trust exercises?
-[choir murmuring indistinctly]
-Yeah? Good.
Hotel is booked. Breakfast isn't included.
but there is a Waffle Shed next door.
-Sounds delicious.
-[Angie] Mmm-hmm.
We're doing a great thing here.
We're being great people.
This is all great. [chuckles]
This is gonna get me my third Tony Award.
-[scoffs] Oh. my God.
-What?
Oh. come on. you know
how political the Tonys are.
They don't vote for you.
They vote for your brand.
My brand is
a little tarnished at the moment.
'Cause of the infamous tirade
at the Longacre Theatre?
When a cell phone goes off
in the middle of a performance…
-I can't be held responsible.
-It was your cell phone!
-I didn't know that!
-It was in your wig!
I didn't know that at the time. Anyway…
All the goodwill that we're gonna get
from this thing will wash me clean.
and I will win. no matter what
my next project is. [chuckles]
You're just greedy.
I'd be happy with one Tony.
-I thought I had a shot with FDR.
-Mmm-hmm.
I need a win.
I'm so sick of all the rejection.
I'm no Dee Dee Allen.
-A lot of bile.
-Well. I'm angry at life.
No. I mean Trent. He's retching again.
You were saying something about your…
I got into this business.
yes. because I loved it.
but also to prove
to everyone who doubted me.
my… teachers. the kids
on the school bus. my horrible parents.
that I could do something.
Something important.
[exhales]
That's exactly what we are doing.
Something important.
I just hope we don't screw it up.
[Angie] Hit it.
♪ Day by day… ♪
♪ Day by day ♪
♪ Three things I pray ♪
-♪ Three things I pray ♪
-[retches]
I'm sorry. you're telling us
that the state's attorney
is forcing us to have a prom?
No. the state's attorney
wants us to hold an inclusive prom.
-Yes.
-[audience murmurs]
Because that's what they feel
best reflects America's values.
Well. this isn't America. This is Indiana.
[audience applauds]
All right.
Just to be clear. this is America
and everyone gets to have an opinion--
Oh. just like you.
[microphone feedback squeals]
My son will not be forced
to go to a homosexual prom.
[audience applauds]
Thank you. Beverly! Thank you!
Again. it is not a homosexual prom.
It is an inclusive prom…
-With homosexuals.
-You don't have to attend--
You don't have to attend
if you don't want to.
Look… I… I'm sorry you're upset.
but the organization of the prom is
within the purview of the student council.
Let's hear what they have to say. Alyssa?
-Uh… Okay.
-[scattered applause]
[feedback whines]
Well. we want prom to go on. obviously.
It's supposed to be
a celebration of all students--
Okay. No. thank you. It's fine. everyone.
Sweetheart. I'm so sorry.
but this is not a student matter.
This is about government…
tearing our community apart.
[audience cheering]
It's about big government
taking away our freedom of choice.
[Principal Hawkins] Okay. Okay.
This is not about government intervention.
Emma. what is this about?
I just want to go to prom
like any other kid.
[Principal Hawkins]
Mmm-hmm. But you can't.
She can't. and that's why
the courts are involved.
Ask yourself.
What exactly is it that you find
so frightening about gay people?
-[door crashes opens]
-[Barry] Hold it! Stop! Stop!
Hold it!
-[indistinct chatter]
-What you are doing here is wrong.
I'm sorry. Who are you?
Where is our girl? Where's Emma? Emma!
I'm Emma.
Emma. my name is Barry. and I'm here
to tell you that you are not alone.
Okay? I am as gay as a bucket of wigs.
-[audience clamoring]
-[loudly] A bucket of them!
And we are here from New York City
and we are gonna save you.
Tomorrow. we will hold a rally.
-There'll be banners and choreography.
-Excuse me.
-Excuse me!
-[Barry] Shame! Shame!
[loudly] Excuse me!
[exhales sharply]
What is going on? Who are you people?
We are liberals from Broadway.
[indistinct chatter]
Oh. shut up!
We are here to open
your hearts and your minds.
The five of us are gonna teach you…
-Where's Dee Dee?
-You'll see.
-All right.
-[intense music playing]
Oh. my God. That's Dee Dee Allen.
♪ I want to tell the people of… ♪
♪ Whatever this town's called ♪
♪ I know what's going on here ♪
♪ And frankly. I'm appalled ♪
♪ I read three quarters of a news story
And knew I had to come ♪
♪ And unless I am doing
The Miracle Worker ♪
♪ I… ♪
♪ Won't play blind ♪
♪ Deaf and dumb ♪
♪ Listen. you bigoted monsters ♪
♪ Just who do you think you are? ♪
♪ Your prejudice and your oppression ♪
♪ Won't get past this Broadway star ♪
♪ Stealing the rights of a girl
Who is an LGBQ teen ♪
♪ I've been far too angry to google
What those letters mean ♪
♪ But it's not about me.
It's about poor… ♪
-Emma!
-♪ Emma. for can't you see ♪
♪ The raw deal she's been dealt? ♪
♪ So hear my plea ♪
♪ Or here's your next dilemma ♪
♪ How do you silence a woman
Who's known for her belt? ♪
Sing it. Eleanor!
♪ Her belt! ♪
♪ But it's not about me ♪
Get them out of here now!
♪ Go on and threaten to riot ♪
♪ It won't faze me in the least ♪
♪ I understand furious townsfolk ♪
♪ I did Beauty and the Beast ♪
♪ I'm no stranger to slander ♪
♪ So. my dear. you're not alone ♪
♪ The Post once said
I was too old to play Eva Perón ♪
No.
♪ Eva Perón! ♪
♪ But it is not about me ♪
♪ It's Emma's story. damn it! ♪
♪ Equality ♪
♪ Should be this country's norm ♪
♪ No photography ♪
♪ Unless you Instagram it ♪
♪ Use hashtag Dee Dee
Takes Local Yokels by Storm ♪
♪ But it's not about me ♪
[chuckles] That's cute.
♪ I didn't come here to make a scene ♪
♪ But I know how Emma's heart aches ♪
♪ And this is how actors intervene ♪
♪ With fiery songs and dance breaks ♪
[yelps]
♪ But it's not about me ♪
♪ Although I'm rich and famous ♪
♪ Publicity is not my final goal ♪
♪ Call security! ♪
♪ You needn't be
Some backwoods ignoramus ♪
♪ Join me and we'll start fighting ♪
♪ Could I get softer lighting? ♪
♪ Wait. this is… ♪
-♪ Not… ♪
-♪ About me! ♪
-♪ This is not about… ♪
-♪ What is happening? ♪
♪ What is happening? ♪
♪ This is not about… ♪
♪ It is all about. uh. Emma ♪
♪ And not about… ♪
♪ Me! ♪
Who was responsible for that? Was it you?
Me? No. I have no idea
what just happened in there.
Strangers burst in hurling insults
at the parents. and you do nothing.
What kind of school
are you running here. Mr. Hawkins?
[sighs]
Excuse me. Miss Allen.
I'm Tom. Tom Hawkins.
I am the principal and I just. um…
What are you doing?
We have come to show this community
that gay people
and gay-positive icons. such as myself.
[inhales] are made of the same
flesh and blood as they are.
Uh-huh.
If they don't have gay people here.
why is my Scruff going crazy right now?
We're not monsters.
We're cultural disruptors. [chuckles]
I'm a fan.
-Really?
-Yeah. Yes. I am. [giggles]
[gasps]
[chuckles] What kind of a fan?
Big fan? Small fan? Scary stabby fan?
You could say that I'm a big fan. Yes.
Really? That's so surprising
because you're not my usual demographic.
-You mean Black?
-No. straight.
You are straight. right?
Yes. I am.
Straight people like Broadway too.
[chuckles] I've heard that.
Always thought it was a fairy tale.
-[chuckles] So to speak.
-[chuckles] So to speak. Well. it's true.
Um. I've been a fan since I saw you
in the show for which
you won your first Tony.
-No! You saw Swallow the Moon?
-I did.
The number at the top of the second act.
"The Lady's Improving"? Chills.
[chuckles] That song made me a star.
It made me a fan.
-Uh. Dee Dee. we gotta make haste.
-Okay.
Uh. Miss Allen. I just…
This is a very delicate situation.
I'm asking you and your friends
to back off for a few days.
-Back off?
-Yeah.
Backing off
is exactly what we're not going to do.
I see what's happening here.
You're trying to disarm me with flattery.
It's not going to work. Tom.
Flattery makes me stronger.
Fuels my ego.
-[Alyssa] That was insane.
-I know.
-I'm really freaking out.
-Don't freak out.
We have a plan. remember?
We're gonna get dressed up and go to prom
and be together in public.
not hide anymore.
Are you sure about this?
There's only one thing I'm sure about.
♪ I don't want to start a riot ♪
♪ I don't want to blaze a trail ♪
♪ I don't want to be a symbol ♪
♪ Or a cautionary tale ♪
♪ I don't want to be a scapegoat ♪
♪ For people to oppose ♪
♪ What I want is simple ♪
♪ As far as wanting goes ♪
♪ I just want to dance with you ♪
-♪ Let the whole world melt away ♪
-[laughing]
♪ And dance with you ♪
♪ Who cares what other people say? ♪
♪ And when we're through ♪
♪ No one can convince us ♪
♪ We were wrong ♪
♪ All it takes is you and me ♪
♪ And a song ♪
[Alyssa laughs]
♪ I don't need a big production ♪
♪ Streamers hanging in the air ♪
♪ I don't need to spend the night with ♪
♪ Confetti in my hair ♪
-[laughing]
-♪ I don't need a room of people ♪
♪ That I don't really know ♪
♪ I just want to hold you ♪
♪ And never let you go! ♪
♪ I just want to dance with you ♪
♪ Let the whole world melt away ♪
♪ And dance with you ♪
♪ Who cares what other people say? ♪
♪ And when we're through… ♪
♪ No one can convince us ♪
♪ We were wrong ♪
♪ All it takes is you and me ♪
♪ And a song ♪
[car honks]
It's my mom. I gotta go.
Okay.
Bye…
♪ All it takes is you and me ♪
♪ And… ♪
♪ A song ♪
[Dee Dee groans] Oh. God.
[groans]
It's worse than the bus.
[Angie] At least it's quieter. Huh?
I need a drink. [exhales]
-[bell dings]
-Hello?
Oh. Dickinson. four rooms.
I called yesterday.
Four rooms of varying size
to reflect the hierarchy
of the company. right? [chuckles]
Where is my suite?
We don't have a suite.
-Now do you have a suite?
-Oh!
No. we don't have any suites.
All the rooms are the same.
-[Dee Dee sighs]
-[Angie] Oh!
Surely you know who I am.
At the very least.
I would like a room next to the spa.
Uh. there's no spa.
Angie. what is this place?
We're all gonna get stabbed and stuffed.
-You know that. right?
-Orbitz gave it three stars!
[sighs]
Do you have any cabins?
No. we don't have any cabins.
-How about now?
-[laughing] What is that?
It's a Drama Desk. You know what it is.
-[whispering] I vomited in the bus again.
-[Angie] Mmm.
Can I see the hotel doctor. please?
Oh. my God. it's you.
I can't believe it. It's actually you.
You're the guy from Talk to the Hand.
It's on every night at 9:00 after--
-Can I have my room. please?
-Okay. let's get started. All right?
-Let's change some minds.
-[Angie] Uh…
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
-[Angie] Oh! A wishing well!
-[Dee Dee gasps]
Make a wish. Dee Dee.
Death. I wish for death.
Okay. Sheldon's working on a venue.
Now. how's the song?
Uh. about that.
I was misled by my representation.
Mr. Sondheim is not a fan
of my Sweeney Todd.
-Quite the opposite. actually.
-[Barry] Oh. my God…
Jesus. Trent. you screwed us.
Don't worry.
I wrote something myself. Yeah.
It's quite rousing.
and in a very humane key.
The Godspell kids will back us up.
and they have their own costumes.
You're welcome.
-Oh. my God. [giggles]
-Yeah!
-This is awful.
-[giggles]
We can't perform this.
They'll boo us off the stage.
No. all we need is a simple message
that tugs at the heartstrings
and a little pageantry.
-We have everything we need right here.
-Except a venue.
O ye of little faith.
[chuckles] I got one!
And a crowd of 2.500 guaranteed.
-What?
-That's amazing!
What is it? One of those
beautiful Antebellum theaters?
No. it's. uh…
an arena.
An arena?
-[engines roaring]
-[loud rock music playing]
So it's come to this.
[engine revving]
[announcer] Ladies and gentlemen.
Truckosaurus.
the car-eating robot dinosaur.
will not be your
half-time entertainment today.
Instead. we have some guests
who've come from New York
to sing us a song about intolerance.
-[crowd jeering]
-Hi there.
I'm Trent Oliver. actor. activist…
and Juilliard graduate.
Emma. this one's for you.
[instrumental music playing]
♪ Flowers accept the rain
And grow more beautiful ♪
♪ Babies accept their mother's breast ♪
♪ So they can grow strong ♪
♪ I accept that I was born
A handsome man ♪
[man boos]
♪ So join with me
And sing this acceptance song ♪
♪ Let us accept one another ♪
♪ I know it's truly hard ♪
♪ We're sister and brother ♪
♪ Here's what I learned at Juilliard ♪
-[audience booing]
-♪ Bigotry's not big of me ♪
♪ And it's not big of you ♪
♪ Let's all work together ♪
♪ To make rainbow dreams come true ♪
[announcer] Ladies and gentlemen. two-time
Tony Award winner. Miss Dee Dee Allen.
-Trent. I could rip your face off.
-I'm sorry.
[Barry] You made me fail.
I am so sick of failing.
What do we do now?
We leave.
-First we kill Trent. then we leave.
-What about the girl?
-[Dee Dee sighs]
-[Principal Hawkins] Hello. everyone…
We have some news. Emma and I
wanted to be the ones to tell you.
thanks to pressure from the state's
attorney's office. prom is back on!
-[Barry] What?
-Prom is back on! [squeals]
-[all cheering]
-We did it!
Yay!
See? We're not narcissists.
Just to be clear. uh.
it's not because of you…
Well. maybe it was.
I mean. everybody started freaking out
when you got here.
The lawyer might've had legal power.
but you really scared people.
-[Angie] Aw!
-We scared people!
Important thing is. it's a victory.
Now you get to go to prom
like everybody else!
-[Angie] Yes!
-What are you gonna wear?
I was thinking like a vintage tux
and some high tops.
I don't know. Does it matter?
-Does it…
-[scoffs]
[snickers]
-Honey…
-Sweetheart. boo-boo.
I don't know you. okay?
And you don't know me.
but I am begging you.
let me dress you for the prom.
-Okay? Yeah?
-Okay.
We're going to Saks.
-Uh. there's no Saks here.
-We have a Kmart!
-A what?
-A Kmart.
-[laughs]
-[Barry] Fine.
We'll check out
the Reba McEntire collection at Kmart.
do a little fashion show.
Okay! Oh. can we do it tomorrow?
We can meet at my place.
I have to go and find out
if I still have a date.
Sure. I'll go ahead. do a pre-shop.
Okay? Will you give me a ride
in your pickup truck?
Are you saying that because I'm a lesbian.
I drive a pickup?
-Well. do you? [chuckles]
-Shut up.
-[Sheldon] Anybody hungry?
-[Angie] I could drink.
-[Sheldon] What's around here?
-I saw a Big Boy by the highway.
-[Sheldon] Ooh. they have a gay bar here?
-[Angie] I love Big Boy.
Oh. gay bar. Can't go. I'd be mobbed.
-Oh! Of course.
-[both chuckle]
-So. it's nice to see Emma smile again.
-Yes.
She's had a rough go of it.
I gathered that. Yeah.
-Even before the prom controversy.
-Oh?
When she came out. her parents.
well. they threw her out of the house.
-Really?
-Yeah. Yeah. She was 16.
-It was. uh. pretty ugly.
-Oh…
Anyway. um…
thank you for helping her…
-Or trying to.
-[both chuckle softly]
[Dee Dee] Yeah…
-Uh. Tom?
-Yes. yeah?
Is there a restaurant in town
that has plates and cutlery and…
Oh. uh. there's an Applebee's by the mall.
[gasps]
-Would you like to go?
-Yes.
Take me now to this Apples & Bees place.
-[giggles]
-All right.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
How nice of you.
[indistinct chatter and laughter]
-Guess what today is?
-What?
Promposal day!
[boy 1] Hey. Kaylee!
[all gasp]
♪ Since JV football. I've been adored ♪
♪ Big man on campus but oh-so-bored ♪
♪ My life was perfect ♪
♪ But so routine ♪
♪ I prayed for someone to intervene ♪
♪ Then something new happened ♪
♪ And turned my life around entirely ♪
♪ And that's 'cause you happened ♪
♪ And look what happened to me ♪
♪ So go to prom with me. Kaylee! ♪
-You're such an idiot. Yes!
-[boy 1] Whoo!
[boy 2] Hey. Shelby. you're next.
♪ There's not one subject
That I could pass ♪
♪ Before you walked into
My Spanish class ♪
♪ Was my heart pounding? ♪
♪ I won't say no ♪
♪ 'Cause life without you was no bueno ♪
♪ Then something new happened ♪
♪ And turned my life around entirely ♪
♪ And that's 'cause you happened ♪
♪ And look what happened to me ♪
♪ So go to prom with me. Shelby! ♪
Sí! Sí. señor!
[all cheering]
[Alyssa] You did it.
No. you actually did it.
We have a prom because of you.
It's like a love bomb went off.
I've seen six promposals today.
People are gonna see us
dancing together and kissing.
It's gonna be impossible not to kiss you.
Oh. my God. and you know.
what's my mom going to think?
I mean. she'll be in public.
so she can't totally freak out.
It doesn't matter what she does.
This is about us.
This is about us finally being us.
♪ And no more hiding how we feel anymore ♪
♪ I won't hide if you're by my side ♪
♪ Now that the prom is back ♪
♪ On track ♪
♪ And once we walk into that gym ♪
♪ Hand-in-hand ♪
♪ It's pretty obvious ♪
♪ There's no going back ♪
♪ And that's a promise ♪
[Dee Dee and Principal Hawkins laughing]
I save all of my money.
I go to New York every summer.
-I see as many Broadway shows as I can.
-Oh.
When I run out of money.
I second act them.
-Oh.
-Don't tell anybody.
-Bad!
-[both chuckle]
My point is.
I've seen you many. many times.
Oh.
Mr. Hawkins.
Mrs. Greene.
Hello. I'm Dee Dee Allen.
-We haven't officially met.
-No.
-Hello. Dee Dee Allen.
-We're aware.
Ms. Allen. I'm sure that you are
very well-versed in the ways of the world
and Broadway in particular.
That's a community.
But you don't know us.
You don't know this town and our values.
No. well. I'm just here
advocating on behalf of a young girl
whose voice perhaps is not heard
by some in the community.
Yes. Well. perhaps you should stick
to acting instead of activism.
Enjoy your meal.
[smacks lips]
We didn't mean
to make anything worse here.
I appreciate everything that you're doing.
Well. let's just drop it.
Yeah.
Tell me… [chuckles softly]
I've never said this before to anyone.
Tell me about you.
-About me?
-Yeah.
I don't know.
I'm just a small-town principal.
Uh. you know. it can be frustrating.
but. uh. at least I have a job.
Yeah. lucky you.
Single.
Sorry?
I'm single. Just putting that out there.
Really? [giggles]
I'm surprised.
Oh. well. I'm surprised you're surprised.
[chuckles] The two things
I'm most passionate about in the world
are Broadway musicals
and secondary school administration.
Oh.
I typed that into a dating website once.
and a little message popped up that said.
"You will have zero matches forever."
[both chuckle]
But you're so smart
and you're really good-looking.
-[clears throat]
-Well. if I…
[clears throat] Thank you.
It's just. I look at people like you.
and I just think how lucky you are
to be surrounded by your people.
My wh-- My people? [chuckles]
I wasn't born on Broadway. You know?
I'm from Zelienople. Pennsylvania.
Yeah. I grew up dirt poor.
[clears throat]
This whole… [rolls tongue]
All this. I invented it.
Yeah. I'm just a small-town girl and…
-I had a big dream.
-Hmm.
Single. just putting it out there.
[both chuckle]
Well. I'm divorced.
Oh. I think I read about that.
Eddie Sharpe. the talk show host?
Yeah. right.
It lasted 15 heart-pulverizing years.
I imagine it must be hard being
Dee Dee Allen. being a Broadway star.
You know. it is hard.
Sometimes I think I really…
I just want to quit.
No. No. please. you can't--
You can't do that.
[laughing] Why not?
Because I need you to do what you do.
♪ My days have little glamour ♪
♪ Writing memos. making calls ♪
♪ And wincing at the grammar
Written on the bathroom walls ♪
♪ It's all school supplies
And budget size ♪
♪ And wading through red tape ♪
♪ That's why I love the theater ♪
♪ It's how I escape ♪
So. theater's a distraction.
Is that what you mean?
A distraction is momentary.
An escape helps you heal.
♪ We look to you ♪
♪ To take us away ♪
♪ From the soul-crushing jobs ♪
♪ And emasculating pay ♪
♪ When our lives come up short ♪
♪ And our hopes are sad and few ♪
♪ You whisk us off
To someplace strange and new ♪
♪ We look to you ♪
♪ In good times and bad ♪
♪ The worlds you create
Make the real one seem less sad ♪
♪ The curtain goes up ♪
♪ And every now and then ♪
♪ It feels as if we're coming home again ♪
♪ Yes. coming home again ♪
♪ We need a place to run to ♪
♪ When everything goes wrong ♪
♪ Where the answer to each problem
Is to burst into a song ♪
♪ And standard rules of logic ♪
♪ Just simply don't apply ♪
♪ When people dance in unison ♪
♪ And no one wonders why ♪
[chuckles softly]
You make it sound so beautiful.
♪ We look to you ♪
♪ As strange as it seems ♪
♪ When reality goes ♪
♪ To scary new extremes ♪
♪ So don't ever give up ♪
♪ And this I guarantee ♪
♪ Next time you think no one cares ♪
♪ You can look ♪
♪ To me ♪
[audience cheering]
-That's a nice picture.
-Oh. it's terrible.
Look at the backdrop.
Clouds? What. are we flying?
It's sweet.
Well…
you know. she needed proof
she was still part of the family.
and nothing says family
like a Sears family portrait.
-Is there booze in this?
-There sure is.
-[coughs] When you said lemonade…
-Well. it's Indiana lemonade.
Okay. it's official. I love you.
You're the cool grandmother I never had.
Hey. let me ask you something.
What happened with Emma?
[sighs]
You're not a mother.
so you can't know what it's like
to see your own daughter
give up her child.
I'm sorry.
When Emma came out.
oh. they could not handle it.
To bad parents and their broken progeny.
Although Emma is fine. She's a strong kid.
[Barry] Mmm.
Oh. I wasn't talking about her.
What? You got kicked out too?
Well. I left before they could do that.
[Emma] So the only
nice dress I have is this.
Wow.
Okay. I mean. yeah. yep.
you could wear that to prom
or keep it lying around
in case there's a remake of
Little House on the Prairie.
Okay. That's it. I like him.
Emma. please let me
dress you for this prom.
I don't know. This is all so crazy.
What did you wear to your prom?
Well. I was going to wear a silver tux.
aqua accessories. the whole look.
I waited outside. anxious to see my crush.
but when I saw him with his date. I froze.
I couldn't go in.
I didn't have your courage.
This isn't about me.
This is about you.
And I promise you are going
to have the night of your life.
What is your date wearing?
I don't know.
I've never been to her house before.
Her mom doesn't know about us.
How long have you been together?
-A year and a half.
-Oh. honey.
But she's coming out tonight. big time.
That's the plan.
I'm really scared.
Would you get over here?
The point is you are brave.
You made all this happen.
When you walk into that gym tonight.
you know what people are gonna see?
They're going to see
the bravest person on the planet.
This is so hard.
Does every girl go through this?
Yes. all across town.
girls are spraying on their tans
and whitening their teeth.
trying to look their best for the prom.
but they're wasting their time
because they don't have the glow
that you have right now.
I trust you completely.
and that's kind of scary too.
Can we please go shop? Can we mall it?
-Is that okay?
-Yes. mall the hell out of it!
-Let's go.
-Okay!
But get changed. This is disgusting.
♪ I can tell you're feeling wary ♪
♪ But you can count on Uncle Barry ♪
♪ He can turn this butchy duck
Into a swan ♪
♪ Your whole look could use a shake-up ♪
♪ You can borrow all my makeup ♪
♪ And the pair of Spanx
I currently have on ♪
[Emma] I think I'll pass.
♪ Treat the whole world like your runway ♪
♪ Make it fierce. but in a fun way ♪
♪ Try to flip your hair like Cher
And drag queens do ♪
♪ And I don't mean to be rude. dear ♪
♪ But you could use some attitude. dear ♪
♪ Let's show the school
That tonight belongs ♪
♪ To you ♪
♪ One thing's universal ♪
♪ Life's no dress rehearsal ♪
♪ So why not make some waves
Before it's through? ♪
♪ Go big or you've blown it ♪
♪ It's time that you own it ♪
♪ Let's make it clear
That tonight belongs to you ♪
It fits!
Now. whatever we choose.
you've gotta remember to sell it.
How do I do that?
Allow Miss Glickman to demonstrate.
♪ You might find this disconcerting ♪
♪ But ole Barry's done some flirting ♪
♪ Try to bat your eyes
Smize each time you grin ♪
♪ I can guess your whole agenda ♪
♪ You be Elphie. I'm Galinda ♪
♪ It's makeover time
So why not just give in? ♪
Come on!
♪ One thing's universal ♪
♪ Life's no dress rehearsal ♪
♪ So why not make some waves
Before it's through? ♪
♪ Go big or you've blown it ♪
♪ It's time that I own it! ♪
Yes. ma'am!
♪ Let's make it clear
That tonight belongs to you ♪
What?
♪ Belongs to me! ♪
Oh. God.
I can't believe this is finally happening.
I know.
She almost ruined it for all of us.
Well. what goes around comes around.
-You look hot.
-You look so hot.
♪ Well. I hate to sound conceited ♪
♪ But the boys get overheated ♪
♪ When I strike a pose or two like thus ♪
♪ And you have to hand it to me ♪
♪ I mean. even I would do me ♪
♪ Let's show the world tonight belongs ♪
♪ To us ♪
♪ One thing's universal ♪
♪ Life's no dress rehearsal ♪
♪ Excuse me while I state the obvious ♪
♪ Go big or you've blown it ♪
♪ It's time that we own it ♪
♪ And make it clear
That tonight belongs to us ♪
Alyssa. you look so beautiful.
You should always
wear your hair like this.
-Mom.
-Yeah?
I just want you to know
what's gonna happen tonight.
No. Can we not spoil this. please?
I have worked so hard for tonight.
I have a right to enjoy it too.
You are going to have
a wonderful prom like a normal girl.
-I've made sure of that.
-What is that supposed to mean?
♪ I don't like
When strangers get in my way ♪
♪ Or anyone who messes with the PTA ♪
♪ Well. maybe that's just me ♪
♪ But trust me
Fixing little problems is what I do ♪
♪ Now everyone is happy
I promise you ♪
♪ And I would never
Miss a night like this ♪
♪ Alyssa ♪
♪ You're my superstar ♪
♪ Now get your ass in the car ♪
[upbeat dance music playing]
[crowd cheering]
♪ One thing's universal ♪
♪ Life's no dress rehearsal ♪
♪ Excuse me while I state the obvious ♪
♪ Go big or you've blown it ♪
♪ It's time that we own it ♪
♪ And make it clear
That tonight belongs to ♪
♪ Make it clear that tonight belongs to ♪
♪ Make it clear that tonight belongs ♪
[Barry] Wait there.
I'll get the door. Okay? Okay.
[Dee Dee squeals]
-Are you ready?
-We're ready. We can't wait.
-Here. hold this. I wanna get the picture.
-Okay. here we go.
-[Sheldon] Wow.
-[Dee Dee] Oh. my God!
-[gasps] Look at you!
-[Dee Dee squeals]
You look amazing!
[Emma] Are you sure it's not too girly?
Aw. No. it's just
the right amount of girly.
-You did well.
-Right?
Hey. where's your date?
We're meeting in the gym.
She's still a little shy about all this.
Well. this is where we leave you.
-[Angie laughs]
-Our work here is done.
You go. You have the time of your life.
Can you walk me in? I'm a little nervous.
Of course. Hey. hold on tight.
-Ready?
-Yep.
-Clutch in this hand.
-Oh. sorry!
Aw.
Come on.
-[Trent] Who wants punch?
-[Angie] Only if it's spiked.
The walk away. The cute little truck.
[camera shutter clicking]
-[Emma] We're doin' it!
-[Barry] Go ahead.
[Emma] What's going on?
I'm putting the pieces together.
Gimme a sec.
-[Barry] What is happening?
-[Emma] Where is everybody?
Something is really wrong.
The whole parking lot is completely empty.
[Sheldon] God. What's the theme
of this prom? Death row?
Mr. Hawkins. where are all the kids?
I don't understand.
Mom. what's happening?
Why aren't we at the gym?
At the last minute. there was a problem.
so we had to change venues.
No. Mom. what's going on?
The courts told the PTA
they had to hold an inclusive prom.
Don't worry. It's fine.
We did what we were required to do.
There was some resistance.
So the parents met without my knowledge.
and they've organized two proms.
One for the kids
at the Elks Lodge in town.
And this one just for you.
-We gave her a prom.
-You did what?
Wait. no. no.
I got texts from kids at school.
Everybody said it was here.
And they were lying to you.
It was part of the plan.
-You lied to me.
-Oh. yeah? Who's the liar?
We know about you and Emma.
and trust me. we're doing you a favor.
No.
-Oh. my God. This is so cruel.
-I'm gonna cry.
Okay. honey. Look at me.
-Angie.
-Yeah.
-I want to go home.
-I know you do.
-This isn't happening.
-And you got us. and this is awful.
-No. no.
-Honey.
♪ One thing's universal ♪
♪ Life's no dress rehearsal ♪
♪ When people find
A scapegoat to condemn ♪
♪ We went big. yet we've blown it ♪
♪ Well. I guess I should have known it ♪
♪ All along tonight ♪
♪ Belonged ♪
♪ To them ♪
[cell phone vibrating]
-Alyssa?
-I swear I had no idea.
How could you not know?
You were on the prom committee.
It was Shelby and Kaylee.
They figured out we were together
and they made sure I didn't find out.
-They didn't want me to tell you.
-Then come meet me.
I can't.
Look. my mother's here.
[crying] Well. leave her.
Tell her you're gay!
Tell her we're in love.
That was the plan. wasn't it?
[shakily] I'm really sorry.
Have fun at the normal person's prom.
-Wait. Emma.
-[call ends]
Emma!
[sniffles]
Okay. Here's what we're gonna do.
We are going to that prom. okay?
They can't stop us.
We will march into that room--
No! No. enough.
This is already
the worst night of my life.
Please. just stop helping me.
Emma! Emma!
This is a complete disaster.
[Sheldon] This is a PR problem.
No. Sheldon.
We had a PR problem back in New York.
This was supposed to solve that.
But this…
This is heartbreaking.
This is why you came here? For publicity?
[sniffles]
[indistinct chatter]
[Mrs. Greene] I have been asked
to read a statement.
"What happened here
was not the result of some elaborate plan
to humiliate this girl.
as has been reported in the press."
"The James Madison High School
Parent-Teacher Association
felt Emma would not be safe
if we allowed her
to attend prom with the other students
because the uncomfortable truth
is there are people in our community
who are offended by her life choices."
I can't even wrap my head around this.
It's a nightmare. Oh. my God!
I wanna be the cockeyed optimist here
'cause I played Nellie Forbush
in South Pacific.
It was a dinner theater production. but…
Ugh.
This is horrible. It really is.
Thanks for hanging out with me
these past couple of days.
You've been a good friend.
-I have?
-You have. You seem surprised.
No. I just…
I'm a chorus girl. You know. I just…
[sighs]
No one ever thanks me.
They don't even see me.
Spend my whole life
trying to stay in the game.
and keep my day-drinking under control.
[snickers]
That's really nice. Thanks. kid.
Hey. you're going to get through this.
I know it.
[inhales shakily]
I thought that when my parents
rejected me and stopped loving me
that I would never feel any worse.
you know?
Mmm-hmm.
And now this…
And I feel worse.
-Honey…
-I've never felt so alone in my life.
But you're not alone. You're not.
You got me. Hmm?
And we are ride-or-die.
and you do have friends.
Where are they?
-[Dee Dee] This is it.
-[Trent] Yes.
-No.
-Well. okay.
[knocking on door]
-[doorbell rings]
-[knocking at door]
-Emma. can we come in?
-Yes.
-We brought Häagen-Dazs.
-[Trent] That's fancy ice cream.
I know what Häagen-Dazs is. Hand it over.
Emma. I know you said
you didn't want us to help anymore.
but we cannot let them get away with this.
We have got to fight back.
Okay. I know everybody's really angry.
But I think we have to admit
that we have made things worse.
I think the best thing we can do
is disinfect our things and go back home.
-No. we are not leaving.
-No!
Dee Dee. we are gonna stay here.
and we're going to turn this thing around.
-We gotta take back the press.
-[Trent] Yes. how?
Emma. you've got to step up
and be the face of this thing.
And that's going to get her a prom?
This is not about a prom anymore.
This is about right and wrong.
We need a national audience. prime time.
You want a big audience fast?
We gotta use our ace in the hole.
-One call to Eddie Sharpe is all we need.
-No. No.
-[Trent] Dee Dee!
-He's right.
If I ask him for something.
he will want something in return.
and what he will want
is the Hamptons house.
He's been trying to get it for years.
Okay. Okay. fine. Look. Sheldon.
you got to get that girl on TV.
-Okay.
-Great.
No. not great.
I'm sorry. but there is no way
I'm getting in front of a camera
and telling my story
to millions of people. I can't do that.
-See?
-Please. Please. just go.
-Emma. if you do nothing-- Okay.
-Barry. Go.
-Okay. I get it. Okay. Okay.
-[Angie] Go. Go. go. go. Go. go.
[whispering] I got this.
I know what I'm doing.
Let me do my thing.
There must be a way to rid this community.
and by extension. the nation.
of this cancer of intolerance.
What are you even doing here?
What happened to Godspell?
Indianapolis was canceled.
as was the naval base at Guantánamo Bay.
What I'm thinking I'm going to do is this.
Venture forth and seek out
the young people and rap.
in a non-musical sense.
[Angie] Mmm.
Let's go get some more. huh?
Two spoons this time.
Come on.
[Angie] Gotta stop. [chuckling]
Before you lecture me or kick me to death
with those crazy antelope legs of yours.
or whatever you're gonna do.
I know I should do something.
I just can't.
You gotta do this.
You gotta do it for all of us people
that are standing in the wings.
waiting to go on.
-I'm too scared.
-Hmm.
Let me tell you a story.
It's 1975
and the original company of Chicago
is in previews.
and the worst flu in history
hits the cast.
They're down to the third cover
for the role of Roxie Hart
and she's scared. just like you are.
And Fosse. who is a real ballbuster.
is putting her through her paces
and she's petrified.
Worst of all. she's doing the routine
like she's a robot.
So the Foss. he says.
"Hey. kid. Snap out of it."
[jazz music playing]
"You got the steps."
"You've got the notes."
"Where's the zazz. baby?"
And even though
she'd never heard that word before.
she knew immediately what it meant.
And she went out there
and she found that spotlight.
and she crushed that performance so hard.
she had that whole audience standing
on their feet screaming bloody murder!
[sighs]
And that girl was you!
What?
How old do you think I am?
It was 1975! No.
The point is
every Fosse girl knows that story.
It's all about finding your light.
♪ When a challenge lies ahead
And you are filled with dread and worry ♪
♪ Give it some zazz ♪
♪ If your courage disappears
What'll get your fears to scurry? ♪
♪ Give it some zazz ♪
♪ Zazz is style plus confidence ♪
♪ It may seem corny or kitsch ♪
♪ But when scared or on the fence ♪
♪ You'll find that zazz
Will soon make fear become your bitch ♪
♪ And if folks say you can't win
What'll stop them in a hurry? ♪
♪ Give it some zazz ♪
♪ There's no contest for a girl
Who has some razzmatazz ♪
♪ So call their bluff
And strut your stuff ♪
♪ Like no chick in this hick town has ♪
♪ Instead of giving up ♪
♪ Oh. give it some zazz ♪
I just don't think I can do it.
The thought of getting up
in front of all of those people.
Look at my hands. they're shaking.
♪ If your hands are shakin' ♪
♪ Just turn 'em into jazz hands ♪
-Doesn't that feel better?
-No.
Try this.
This is awkward.
You don't understand the concept of zazz.
The zazz is not the moves.
The zazz comes from within.
Do the moves and give it some zazz.
Close your eyes.
Think about Mrs. Greene.
Think about that fake prom.
Now think of finally
doing something about it.
-Oh. I'm seeing it! I'm seeing your zazz!
-[chuckling]
Now. follow me!
♪ Do like the brave and bossy do ♪
♪ And if they tear you apart ♪
♪ Ask what would Bob Fosse do? ♪
♪ He'd make the people
Have a step-ball-change of heart ♪
♪ Ball change! ♪
♪ And if folks say you can't win
What'll stop them in a hurry? ♪
♪ Give it some zazz ♪
♪ There's no contest for a girl
Who has some razzmatazz ♪
♪ So call their bluff. bam! ♪
♪ And strut my stuff. bam! ♪
♪ Like no chick
In this hick town has ♪
♪ Instead of giving up ♪
♪ Give it some zazz ♪
Now that you found your zazz.
it's time to show it to the world.
-You think you know how?
-Yeah!
[both laughing]
You've sort of been.
you know. the woman in my life.
You've been the man in mine.
[man] And I was thinking
this could be our last time…
We shouldn't be doing this.
Oh. it's rom-com Friday.
Rom-com Friday is sacred.
We should be helping Emma.
-We gotta get her on TV.
-Sheldon is on it. Come on.
-How does this work. anyway?
-[Barry] It's infrared.
-It reduces inflammation.
-[Dee Dee] Oh. good.
But you can't keep it on too long.
It'll blow your face off.
What?
[both chuckling]
♪ Someday when I'm awfully low ♪
♪ And the world is cold… ♪
Saw this movie with Eddie.
-It was our first date.
-[Barry] Was it really?
-Yeah.
-[Barry] Mmm.
Then he… took me out for dinner after.
Well. I took him out. [chuckles]
He didn't have any money.
He was just starting out in comedy.
and he didn't have the big show like now.
Fifteen years. he didn't have any money.
And I picked up the tab. I paid.
-[Barry] That was a bad move.
-[Dee Dee] No kidding. I'm still paying.
[Dee Dee sighs]
Can I make an observation?
[sighs] Is it a pleasant observation
or is it an irritating one?
You're not over him.
No. don't say that. I am not…
Trust me. I am…
[chuckling] I am way over him.
I'm just mad at myself. you know. I am so…
Why it took me so long to…
figure it out.
You know? I believed him.
I believed him every single time.
"I promise you. it's nothing."
"It's meaningless.
She's nothing to me. It's over."
I finally got the message. you know.
He didn't love me. [chuckles]
He didn't…
[chuckling] He didn't even like me.
But he liked the money.
Oh. yeah. so I got out.
I got out…
and I gave him half my money.
And now here we are. singing to trucks.
-And he's got a hit TV show.
-[audience cheering]
And I still owe him
half my unemployment check.
[announcer on TV] It's Eddie Sharpe!
[Eddie] Whoa. hey!
Welcome. everybody!
What's today's words of wisdom?
[Eddie and audience] Never sign a prenup!
[all laughing through TV]
And you know what the worst part is?
I shut down.
He took my little.
delicate blueberry heart.
and he just… squished it.
[Dee Dee sniffles]
-What?
-Here's what you're gonna do. okay?
You're gonna wear something
heart-stopping. like that yellow cape
and those cute little boots.
And you are gonna march down
to that principal's office
like a bad. bad girl.
[chuckling] Tom?
-Tom is a fan. Friend.
-[Barry] Hmm?
Well…
he likes you.
As a fan. Friend.
I don't know.
Not even that much anymore.
Okay. let's cut the crap.
I would kill. kill.
to have a guy look at me
the way that he looks at you.
Stop it.
You're just…
You're poking my heart with your finger.
Your still-beating.
delicate little blueberry heart?
Do you think he really. really likes me?
Oh. my God. yes!
Barry! [kisses]
[laughing]
-I love you! I love you!
You're just such a great… everything.
[laughing]
[Dee Dee] Okay. no. no. no. Okay.
This. the master stroke. your idea.
-And the boots?
-And the little cute boots.
[chuckling]
This is it.
Oh!
That is good.
Mmm. now…
you.
I've been thinking about you
since we got here.
Oh. God. I knew this was gonna
somehow turn around to me.
And I think it's time somebody poked
that gay little heart of yours.
Are we doing this? Fine. Uh…
Do I only go for 10s
when I know I'm a 6.2? Yes and--
Your parents. You're from Ohio. right?
So?
We're in Indiana.
-Ohio. Indiana. they're close.
-I can see where you're driving this.
You have two living parents
that you'll never be nearer to
than you are right now.
-I think you should call them.
-No.
They threw me away.
Well. did they really?
I told them that I was gay.
and they said that they would take me
to therapy to change myself completely.
Let your parents see who you are
before it's too late.
If you don't…
you'll regret it.
I'm not the one who should have regrets.
[voice breaking] I was the kid.
I was the kid!
[crying] I was 16.
Sixteen years old. I was terrified.
Terrified!
And I needed one thing from them
and they couldn't give it to me.
So don't you…
[sobbing]
[school bell ringing]
[woman over PA]
Would the following students
please report to after-school detention?
Harlan Doolittle…
Hi.
…Olivia Blanc. Frances Doolittle.
Thank you.
[Principal Hawkins]
Well. they each had a bite.
-Ooh. what'd you do?
-[Principal Hawkins] Yeah. a big bite.
I appreciate it. Bye-bye.
[Dee Dee chuckles softly]
Am I interrupting something?
I was just doing some research.
trying to figure out
if urinal cakes are poisonous.
-Uh. how can I help you?
-[chuckles softly]
Well. I've just been wandering
around town all day.
[chuckles]
I've seen the… sight. [chuckles softly]
And. um…
Bottom line is I just thought
you might want to take me to dinner
and worship me again. [chuckles]
No. I would not like to do that.
Now if you'll excuse me.
I've got work to do.
Okay. what's going on here?
Why is everybody always so mad at me?
Well. speaking for myself.
it's because you're an opportunist.
You came here for publicity.
You're a terrible person.
No. no. Nobody gets to
talk to me that way. Nobody!
You know. meeting you in person
has been colossally disappointing.
[scoffs]
I wanted you to be Dolores.
Who the hell is Dolores?
From Swallow the Moon.
[audience applauding]
[Principal Hawkins] She was joyful.
She was full of courage and hope.
-Okay. but she was fictional.
-But you made her real.
When you sang
"The Lady's Improving" to Troy Gibson.
you were admitting you weren't perfect
and you knew you could be better.
and that's why
he didn't fire you from the circus act.
Such humility and dignity.
-That's who I thought you were.
-Well. I'm not.
I'm not Dolores.
I'm just a really. really.
really good actress. And you…
You're just some hick town
high school teacher
who can't even tell the difference
between fantasy and reality.
-Are we done?
-Oh. yeah. we're done.
[sighs]
♪ The lady's improving ♪
♪ So don't give up hope ♪
♪ You ask. "Is she perfect?" ♪
♪ My answer is nope ♪
-I know what you're doing.
-[chuckles]
♪ Her range needs expanding ♪
♪ Her edges need sanding ♪
♪ But she can become a sure bet ♪
♪ So I'm begging you. sir ♪
♪ Don't give up on her yet ♪
You're trying to appeal to the fan in me.
It won't work. I'm not a fan anymore.
♪ The lady's improving
So much that she gloats ♪
♪ I know you've got standards ♪
♪ Feel free to give notes ♪
♪ There isn't an issue
And that's why I wish you could see ♪
♪ There's no reason to fret ♪
♪ So I'm begging you. sir ♪
♪ Don't give up on her yet ♪
Seriously. Dee Dee. this is unsettling.
It's like having a fantasy
I don't want to have.
♪ Everybody thinks that I've got
Some kinks that I'll never work out ♪
♪ Even you're inclined
To think I'm unrefined ♪
♪ But I promise with some time ♪
♪ That my aptitude will climb ♪
♪ And you'll leave your doubts
And disbeliefs behind ♪
♪ The lady's improving
Removing all doubt ♪
-[boy 1 whistles]
-Hey!
♪ She has hidden charms
That are sure to come out ♪
♪ You're bound to discover
This book's not her cover ♪
I need you to stop.
♪ So don't make a move you'll regret ♪
♪ So I'm begging you. sir ♪
♪ No reneging on her ♪
♪ Don't give up on her ♪
♪ Yet! ♪
[panting]
Okay. I admit that got to me.
[squealing]
See? See?
I'm not a total lost cause.
That was a totally selfless act.
I mean. people would pay
premium prices for that performance.
[sighs] All right. you guys are dismissed.
Dee Dee. not charging for an apology
is not a selfless act.
What the hell?
If you want people to like you
instead of hate you. you have to be good.
A good person. You have to put
other people's interests before your own.
[scoffs] You don't understand.
I am a celebrity.
It is all about me.
It has been for decades. [chuckling]
That's the point of celebrity.
So I have to be reprogrammed.
I have to unlearn things
like shoving and taking.
-You know…
-Yes.
I need help with that. I need a…
teacher.
Please.
[sighs]
Let's go someplace and talk
about how to be good human beings.
[chuckles]
Apples & Bees?
Hi.
Thanks for meeting me.
I was afraid you wouldn't come--
What do you want?
-I'm sorry about what happened.
-Were you in on it?
Emma! You know me.
Do I?
What is this?
What are we?
-No. you know what we are.
-No. I don't.
Do you know what it was like
standing there in that stupid dress
alone in the gym.
knowing that people got together
and planned the best way to hurt me?
-That must've been awful.
-It was.
But the worst part…
The worst part was that you didn't come
even though you knew what happened.
You didn't come and try and hold my hand
or take me out of there.
-I couldn't. okay?
-Why?
You know what my mother is like.
She's a complete and total control freak.
♪ The hair has to be perfect ♪
♪ The A's have to be straight ♪
♪ You have to join the debate club
On that there's no debate ♪
♪ You'll have Bible camp each summer
To keep you pure and clean ♪
♪ Endless rules apply
When you're Alyssa Greene ♪
♪ Trophies have to be first place
Ribbons have to be blue ♪
♪ There's always some competition
Or hoops for jumping through ♪
♪ Your mom's made sacrifices
So win homecoming queen ♪
♪ 'Cause it's do-or-die
When you're Alyssa Greene ♪
♪ And you wish there was a world
Where you were simply free to live ♪
♪ And when people criticize you
You had no more shits to give ♪
♪ And in this other lifetime ♪
♪ When you tell yourself "be brave"
You won't cave ♪
♪ That's the one thing I truly crave ♪
♪ But your feelings have to be phony
Your weight has to be tracked ♪
♪ If you don't like shaking pom-poms
You'd better learn to act ♪
♪ Just have everything perfected
By the time you reach 18 ♪
♪ Don't ask how or why
When you're Alyssa Greene ♪
♪ Improve all of your strong points
And hide things that you lack ♪
♪ 'Cause Mom's convinced if you're perfect
Your father might come back ♪
♪ You're not yourself ♪
♪ You're not what she wants
You're someone in between ♪
♪ Your whole life's a lie
When you're Alyssa Greene ♪
I'm gonna go public and tell my story.
-Will you do it with me?
-I want to. I--
Yeah. wanting to isn't enough.
I believe you have feelings for me.
But I can't do this anymore.
It hurts too much.
Are you breaking up with me?
I guess I am. yeah.
Bye.
♪ You're not yourself ♪
♪ You're not what she wants
You're someone in between ♪
I saw it on CNN. They said that
Edgewater. Indiana overflows with bigotry.
Hey. look.
It's that guy from Talk to the Hand.
Hey. guys. I was just taking a walk.
enjoying the sweet scent of Americana.
We're not interested.
I feel like
there's an ideological divide between us.
but if we got to know each other.
we could bridge it. right?
So I'll start.
I'm Trent. I'm an actor.
My instrument was forged
in the fiery furnace that is Juilliard.
I'm sure your drama teachers
told you about that institution.
-We don't have a drama program.
-Explains your general lack of empathy.
Let's start with you.
-[Kaylee] Me?
-Yes. Why do you hate gay people?
-Hey. I'm a good person. right. Shelby?
-Yeah. Yeah. we all are.
-[girl] We go to church.
-Yeah. we're Christian.
Well. I'm sure there are a lot of rules
in the Bible that you break every day.
Well. that's different.
Is it?
You can't cherry-pick the Bible.
choosing which parts you want to believe.
[Kaylee] We don't do that.
Uh. you don't?
-[gospel music playing]
-Then what's this?
♪ Kaylee has a small tattoo ♪
♪ That tattoo would be taboo ♪
♪ Kaylee. guess what waits for you ♪
[Kaylee] What?
♪ An eternity in the fiery pits of hell ♪
Hey!
♪ Shelby. you seem sweet to me ♪
♪ But if it has come to be ♪
♪ You've lost your virginity ♪
♪ We'll be stoning you
And your family as well ♪
[Shelby] What?
♪ Or we could use
Some common sense instead ♪
♪ When you're lost
It always helps recalling ♪
♪ Those immortal words that Jesus said ♪
[Kaylee] Really?
♪ There's one rule that trumps them all ♪
♪ Love thy neighbor ♪
♪ Love thy neighbor trumps them all ♪
-You know. you kind of make sense.
-What are you talking about?
Oh. come on. You guys don't even feel.
like. slightly bad for Emma?
-I mean. you guys used to hang out.
-That was before she turned gay.
Maybe she was always gay.
Exactly. because that's the way
God made her. Shelby.
-Come on. What?
-Whatever.
-Hey! It's the Godspell kids!
-Hey. Trent. What's going on?
-[Trent] You guys'll back me up.
-With what?
He's just trying to confuse us.
Because my stepdad always says--
[all gasp]
Stepdad?
Do you mean your parents are divorced?
Yeah. and?
Well. divorce is a big no-no.
♪ Not to oversimplify ♪
♪ But the scripture does imply ♪
♪ That your mom will have to die ♪
♪ How's tomorrow
If she's not got any plans? ♪
♪ There's no way to separate ♪
♪ Which rules you can violate ♪
♪ Let's hope you don't masturbate ♪
♪ 'Cause the scripture says
We'll have to cut off your… ♪
♪ Hands ♪
♪ Or we could use
Some common sense instead ♪
♪ When you're lost
It always helps recalling ♪
♪ Those immortal words that Jesus said ♪
♪ There's one rule that trumps them all ♪
♪ Love thy neighbor. love thy neighbor ♪
♪ Love thy neighbor trumps them all ♪
♪ Love thy neighbor ♪
Yes!
♪ Love thy neighbor trumps them all ♪
-♪ Love thy neighbor ♪
♪ Love thy neighbor ♪
♪ Trumps them all! ♪
Oh!
[crowd exclaiming]
♪ Love thy neighbor. love thy neighbor ♪
♪ Love thy neighbor trumps them all ♪
♪ Love thy neighbor
Love thy neighbor. love thy neighbor ♪
-♪ Trumps them all ♪
-♪ Love thy neighbor ♪
♪ Hear the call ♪
♪ Time to make some better choices
Drop the hate and raise your voices ♪
♪ Love thy neighbor
Is the one that trumps 'em all ♪
-♪ Love thy neighbor ♪
♪ Jesus. take the wheel and steer it
If you feel the Holy Spirit ♪
♪ Come on. kids. and let me hear it
What? ♪
-♪ Love thy neighbor ♪
-♪ All right now! ♪
♪ Love thy neighbor ♪
♪ Love thy neighbor trumps them ♪
-♪ All! ♪
-♪ Love thy neighbor ♪
-♪ Trumps them all! ♪
-[all cheer]
[elevator dings]
-[Dee Dee chuckles]
-Please.
[Dee Dee and Principal Hawkins chuckling]
-[Principal Hawkins] Hi. everyone.
-Hi!
It's okay. it's okay.
He knows what we're up to.
And I'm on board.
as long as Emma's comfortable with it.
Well. she's outta luck.
'cause we got nothin'.
Uh. it's not over yet. Dee Dee.
-I have arranged a TV appearance for her…
-[Angie] Mmm!
-…on Eddie Sharpe.
-[gasps]
She's booked
for tomorrow night at 8:00 p.m.
Not the house in the Hamptons.
[inhales sharply] Yes.
-[line ringing]
-[Dee Dee exhales]
Hello. Eddie. it's Dee Dee.
your brutalized ex-wife.
But I'm calling
on another matter entirely.
What I did…
was I put her interest ahead of my own.
-[Principal Hawkins] Mmm-hmm.
-I expect nothing in return.
I have no agenda
other than to ease someone else's burden.
Oh. Dee Dee.
that is incredibly generous of you!
I know! [laughing]
Hang on. What kind of audience
are we talking about here?
I mean. Eddie Sharpe on a weekday?
Fifteen. sixteen million!
-Dee Dee! You saved the day!
-Yeah. I did.
[all laughing]
-I love giving back. It's my new thing.
-[Principal Hawkins] There you go!
-Emma!
-Hi.
Emma! You wait until you hear the news.
Dee Dee has got you booked
on Eddie Sharpe tomorrow at 8:00
with an audience of 16 million people!
Wow! That's amazing. Thank you.
Oh. I'm just…
I'm so happy to be able to help.
And I'm gonna take a stand.
And I want to thank you all
because without your love and support.
I never would have found the courage.
But. um. the reason I came
was to tell you that…
I'm going to do it my way.
I'm not going on TV.
[Dee Dee inhales]
-You owe me a house!
-[Barry] Oh. my God.
-[Barry] Go. go!
-[Emma] I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
-Run! Run!
She owes me a house! She owes me my house!
I need my house. [continues shouting]
She's a very passionate woman.
[Emma] So here's what's gonna happen.
I'm gonna do my thing. and in the end.
there will be a kick-ass prom
in Edgewater. Indiana. for everybody.
regardless of who they happen to love.
I know it.
That… That would be wonderful.
And when that happens.
I want you to be my date.
Wait. but what about…
We broke up.
Just say yes.
There's no one in the world
I'd rather go with.
-God. [sighs] Don't make me cry.
-[both chuckle]
Of course I will go with you.
We are going to the prom.
God.
[kisses]
-[door opens and shuts]
-[exhales]
[chuckling softly] I can't believe it.
[sighs. sniffles]
♪ I'm oddly excited ♪
♪ Perhaps that's because ♪
♪ Although it shouldn't matter ♪
♪ It somehow does ♪
♪ It's strange
But I feel like I'm in a time machine ♪
♪ 'Cause guess what?
It's like I'm suddenly 17 ♪
♪ So book a white limo. uncork the Dom ♪
♪ After 21 years
I am finally going to prom ♪
♪ I once thought
A night like this wasn't in the cards ♪
♪ Now I've got a date. a tux
And the whole nine yards ♪
♪ A rational person would just stay calm ♪
♪ Oh. since when am I rational? ♪
♪ Barry is going to prom! ♪
♪ The prom! ♪
♪ I wish I could tell that sad kid I was ♪
♪ To stop crying into his Cheetos ♪
♪ They say. "It gets better" ♪
♪ Guess what? It does ♪
♪ Who cares if you're a big old girl? ♪
♪ Just get into that gym and twirl ♪
[laughing]
♪ Barry's going to the ♪
[chuckling] ♪ To the freakin' prom ♪
[crowd cheering]
Going to the prom.
♪ In showbiz
I never felt such a thrill divine ♪
♪ My date is a high school lesbian
Still it's fine ♪
♪ And though it's been years
I might call my mom ♪
♪ And tell her that though it's overdue
All of my waiting is over too ♪
♪ And if you're not happy. I'm over you ♪
♪ 'Cause Barry ♪
♪ Yes. Barry ♪
Go on.
♪ Look at me. Mom ♪
♪ Barry's going to… ♪
♪ Prom ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
[panting]
Hello. interweb.
My name is Emma Nolan.
and I'm 17 and I'm gay.
You might have heard
about the fake prom in Indiana.
That was me.
It was awful in every way.
and I spent a lot of time
feeling sorry for myself.
So I wrote a song
for all the people out there
who love someone in a way
that the world just doesn't understand.
I know we all have stories to tell.
and here's mine.
♪ Some hearts can conform
Fitting the norm ♪
♪ Flaunting their love for all to see ♪
♪ I tried to change
Thinking how easy life could be ♪
♪ I just kept on failing ♪
♪ I guess that was a sign ♪
♪ That there wasn't much hope ♪
♪ For this unruly heart ♪
♪ Of mine ♪
♪ Then you came along
And right or wrong ♪
♪ Feelings began to overflow ♪
♪ We had to hide
Thinking that no one else could know ♪
♪ And not having you near me
Was where I drew the line ♪
♪ So I had to conceal ♪
♪ This poor unruly heart ♪
♪ Of mine ♪
Hi. Emma.
I loved your video. Where do I start?
I think my parents always knew.
I felt so alone.
Nothing made sense until him.
She's the best thing in my life.
The only good thing.
But we're always hiding.
[fan on laptop]
You're not the only one.
♪ And though I don't know how or when ♪
♪ But somehow I learned to see ♪
[all] ♪ No matter what
The world might say ♪
♪ This heart is the best part of me ♪
♪ So fear's all in the past
Fading so fast ♪
♪ I won't stay hidden anymore ♪
♪ I'm who I am ♪
♪ And I think that's worth fighting for ♪
♪ And nobody out there ♪
♪ Ever gets to define ♪
♪ The life I'm meant to lead ♪
♪ With this unruly heart ♪
♪ Of mine ♪
♪ Mine ♪
♪ And nobody out there ♪
♪ Ever gets to define ♪
♪ The life I'm meant to lead ♪
♪ With this unruly heart ♪
♪ Of mine ♪
This is too much.
It's too much for my heart.
That's why I wanted you guys to see it.
I've never been more proud.
-So when is the prom?
-There's no money left.
-What? What do you mean?
-We already had a prom. remember?
[Angie groans]
[Principal Hawkins]
There could be a miracle. It's early.
[Barry sighs]
Okay. people.
it's Mickey and Judy time. Okay?
This is the part
where we roll up our sleeves
and we put on a prom
with our own bare hands.
-We are giving Emma the prom she deserves.
-Okay. wait a minute.
How much are we talking about?
What does a prom cost?
[sputters]
I mean.
it's not a school-sanctioned event.
so we have to pay
a rental fee on the gym.
DJ.
-Lighting.
-Sound system.
[Principal Hawkins]
It's still thousands of dollars.
Right. Um…
Okay. here.
Charge that until it declines.
which will be soon.
I had to declare bankruptcy
after my self-produced Notes on a Scandal.
[Angie] Yes. Well…
I don't have a credit card anymore
because I…
Well. I just… [exhales]
But. anyway. you can have what I have
in my Venmo and there's my cash.
It's all yours.
-Thanks. Angie. [chuckles]
-Sure.
Okay. This is my card
from the Actors Federal Credit Union.
Just cross your fingers and swipe.
All right. Well. we're making
some progress here. This is a nice start.
Um…
-We still have a long way to go.
-[Angie] Mmm-hmm.
[Angie clears throat]
-Dee Dee. Dee Dee?
-What?
Oh. come on. I know you've got
an American Express black card in there.
There's no limit on that baby.
Please. please. no.
I already gave a house.
Exactly. so this is nothing. Come on.
[seductively] Eleanor.
Franklin.
[sighs]
[dramatically] Why does being good
cost so much… money?
[all chuckling]
-Well done. Dee Dee.
-[chuckles]
-[Trent] Yes!
-We're fully financed.
-[Trent] Yeah!
-Okay. well. let's give this girl a prom!
-Yes!
-[Barry] Okay. let's do it!
[Trent] The students will want to see us
perform some sort of number.
So. look. I…
I've been thinking hard about this.
[Barry] Mmm.
That thing
that you and I were talking about.
-I called your mother.
-What?
Yeah. I found her number in your phone.
How did you know my passcode?
Well. I guessed. 9481. Beyoncé's birthday.
[chuckling] Got it on the first try.
-Well. why would you do that?
-Because. Barry…
-I know you couldn't do it on your own.
-What did she say?
Well. I think
maybe you should let her tell you that.
[Vera] Hi. Barry.
Okay. I'm gonna give you some space.
and I'll be in the faculty lounge. okay?
No. No. you…
You don't get to do this. Okay?
You don't get to show up
out of nowhere. Okay? No. Uh-uh.
I came all this way. Barry.
Well. you can just turn around
and go right back. okay?
You called me. didn't you?
That was you who called
and hung up. wasn't it?
[sighs]
I handled this all wrong. honey.
And I'm so sorry.
Okay. You just… stay…
When you told us what you were.
who you were.
your father and I. we were scared.
We hardly knew what gay meant.
We both thought
that somehow we had failed you.
like maybe it was our fault.
-So it's okay now?
-[sighs]
What I needed was a mother
who didn't know if it was okay
but loved me anyway.
You think you were scared?
How do you think I felt?
[sobbing] I know. Barry.
I failed you and I know.
That's gonna be on my heart
till the day I die.
[voice breaking] But all I can say is
I was wrong and I'm sorry.
What about Dad? Is he here?
Uh. no. He's just not…
He's not there yet.
I'm sorry to say.
Oh. Barry.
Please forgive me.
I've missed you so much.
[crying] I missed you too.
I did.
I missed you too. I missed you.
[both sobbing]
♪ Then you came along
And right or wrong… ♪
-Aren't you tired of watching that?
-Eight million people have seen it.
I just don't understand it.
Well. I think it's brave.
[sighs]
The kids are saying
there's gonna be another prom.
-[scoffs]
-Someone's offered to pay for it.
Who?
This is so generous of you guys.
We had to do something
after you broke the Internet.
It was crazy.
The numbers just kept going up.
and then the Indiana Star called.
and then the Washington Post--
Hello. everyone.
Can't have a prom without flowers.
So I will put these out on the table.
even though I'd rather just
give them all to you.
-[Angie] Oh. my God!
-[Barry] Is this for real?
Can I just say you guys are
the best middle-aged people I've ever met.
[exhales]
That is…
Oh. honey…
We need to talk to you
about something. okay? And I think it's…
It's important that you understand
the real reason
why we came here to visit you.
-It wasn't for the Hoosier pie?
-[chuckles]
Well. I mean. um…
-We were in a show.
-A wonderful show.
Well. I mean…
[hesitating]
And we got blasted by the critics.
They called us narcissists. and it hurt.
And it hurt
because I guess they were right.
So we looked around for a cause
that might give us some credibility.
[chuckling] Maybe get us some good press.
Like building
a house for Habitat for Humanity.
Then we realized that
we're not capable of building anything.
And then I found you on Twitter.
I mean. it was just dumb luck.
but meant to be.
Well. I'm sorry to tell you this. but…
you're going to build something.
-You're going to build a prom.
-[all chuckling]
Stop it! Stop this. please!
Who gave you people
permission to be in here?
-I did.
-You should have consulted with the PTA.
Well. this is not a school event. so
I'm not obliged to get the PTA's approval.
I'm going to be
as clear as I possibly can.
Your beliefs are not our beliefs.
Hey. Emma. Can we talk to you?
I was a jerk. and I'm sorry.
You deserve to go to prom
just like any other kid.
What? I thought you hated me.
I thought you all hated me.
Oh. they hated you.
They hated you with a burning passion
stoked by centuries of intolerance
and the lack of a drama program.
I'm sorry. too. Emma.
You know. you explain things really well.
You should be. like. a teacher.
-Oh. you should be our drama teacher!
-[girl] Yes. please!
You should do it. Do it.
-You're hired!
-I'm a teacher!
-As a temp.
-Absolutely.
No. no. no! This is--
This is what I was afraid of.
-Mom!
-Let me finish!
No. you have got to stop talking
and just listen. okay?
People don't turn gay.
They are who they are.
No. You don't know what you're saying.
I do.
Look. I know how you were raised.
but… the world's a different place.
And sure. it's not great. but…
it's… it's better because of people
who have the courage to be who they are.
People like her.
[sighs]
I don't want to hurt you.
I don't want to hurt anyone.
I just want to be me.
[crying]
So here goes.
-I love you. Emma Nolan.
-Oh. my God.
[all squeal and chuckle]
I love you too.
Alyssa… No. listen to me.
You are very young and you are confused.
You don't know what is…
[voice breaking]
I just don't want you to have a hard life.
It's already hard.
-Mom. I love you--
-No. [shushes]
We'll… [breathing shakily]
We can talk about this tonight.
Okay? Okay?
-Okay.
-Okay. Okay.
Mom…
[door opens]
[crying]
[door shuts]
-[Emma whispers] Just breathe.
-Hey. why don't we decorate?
Yes. let's decorate.
Let's decorate everything.
-[Trent] All right.
-[Sheldon] I need you here.
[Dee Dee] We're gonna
make this place really pretty.
[Emma gasps]
Look at that!
I'm so proud of you. Look at what you did.
I can't believe this.
-[Emma gasps]
-[Alyssa] I think we're early.
-Yeah. it looks like it.
-Mm-hmm.
You want to hit up the punch bowl?
No. There's only one thing
that I want to do.
♪ I just wanna dance with you ♪
♪ Let the whole world melt away
And dance with you ♪
♪ Who cares
What other people say? ♪
♪ And when we're through ♪
♪ No one can convince us we were wrong ♪
♪ All it takes is you and me ♪
♪ And a song ♪
♪ I just wanna dance with you ♪
♪ Let the whole world melt away ♪
-[Alyssa] ♪ I just wanna dance with you ♪
-[Emma] ♪ And dance with you ♪
[chuckling] Oh. my! Are you kidding me?
This is amazing.
-Our first prom-goers have arrived.
-Yeah.
-Girls. this is unbelievable.
-Oh. look at you. You're so beautiful!
You look incredible. sweetheart!
-Can you believe we pulled this off?
-I can't!
And kids are coming
from all over the state.
-We're letting them in in one minute.
-So let's do this right.
♪ One thing you've taught me ♪
♪ Is how much people enjoy a show ♪
♪ And so you've got me ♪
♪ Debating
How this whole night should go ♪
♪ Kids will be watching ♪
♪ To see who every guest is ♪
♪ And so my only request is ♪
♪ Build a prom for everyone ♪
♪ Show them all it can be done ♪
♪ If music blares and no one cares
Who your unruly heart loves ♪
[Alyssa and Emma] ♪ Build it now ♪
♪ Make people see how the world
Could one day be ♪
♪ It might come true if we take a chance ♪
♪ But till that day comes
I say cue the drums ♪
♪ It's time to dance ♪
♪ I just want to dance with you ♪
-[Angie] Oh. my God!
-[Barry] What?
I just got the call!
Tina Louise has shingles!
They want me to go on as Roxie Hart!
-[all gasping]
-What'd you tell 'em?
-I said. "No way. I got a prom to go to."
-Attagirl!
No! Just kiddin'.
I'm on the red-eye tomorrow.
So let's get this party started!
Yeah!
♪ And now we're dressed up ♪
♪ You are a vision in aqua blue ♪
♪ It's time we fessed up ♪
♪ This year our prom queen will be you ♪
♪ Maybe I'll wear a tiara
When it's go time ♪
[all] ♪ Get ready. folks
'Cause it's show time ♪
♪ Build a prom for everyone ♪
♪ Show them all it can be done ♪
♪ If music blares and no one cares
Who your unruly heart loves ♪
♪ Build it now ♪
♪ Make people see how the world
Could one day be ♪
♪ It might come true if we take a chance ♪
Hi. guys. This is Mark.
♪ But till that day comes
I say cue the drums ♪
♪ It's time to dance ♪
Oh.
Okay.
Why are you here?
We have a lot to talk about.
But I'm here…
because there is one thing that matters
to me more than anything else.
You.
You are my daughter.
and I have loved you
since the moment I laid eyes on you.
and that is never going to change.
Ever. Okay?
-[crying] Okay. Okay.
-Okay.
[crowd cheering and applauding]
Ooh!
-Okay. Okay.
-Go ahead.
-No. come on.
Okay. [chuckles]
What do you prefer? Gardenias or orchids?
-For what?
-Your corsage.
Gardenias.
All right.
[Dee Dee moans softly]
[both chuckle softly]
-Don't let me destroy him.
-I'll try my best.
[Dee Dee gasps]
-Is this what not failing feels like?
-Yeah. I think it is.
-Pretty good. huh?
-Yeah! [chuckles]
♪ This is more than I dared wish for ♪
♪ It's epic and what's more ♪
♪ Tonight there's room for anyone ♪
♪ So everyone on the floor! ♪
♪ Get on the floor! ♪
[electronic music playing]
[Barry and Principal Hawkins yelling]
[Barry and Emma laughing]
[all] ♪ It's time to build a prom
For everyone ♪
♪ Show them all it can be done ♪
♪ If music blares and no one cares
Who your unruly heart loves ♪
♪ Build it now ♪
♪ Make people see how the world
Could one day be ♪
♪ It might come true if we take a chance ♪
♪ But till that day comes
I say cue the drums ♪
♪ And take to the floor
That's what the floor's for ♪
♪ It's time to dance ♪
♪ I just want to dance with you ♪
[all] ♪ It's time to dance! ♪
♪ Dance! ♪
♪ It's time to dance! ♪
[all cheering]
[all] ♪ Gotta wear your crown ♪
[dance music playing]
♪ Shout it loud ♪
♪ And let the world know how
Your DNA is perfectly made ♪
♪ Gotta shout it loud ♪
♪ Wear your crown
And shine your light around ♪
♪ Don't waste a day
It's time to be brave ♪
♪ Gotta wear your crown ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Let's celebrate
Gotta shout it loud ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Gotta wear your crown ♪
♪ Just grab a microphone ♪
♪ It's time to set the tone ♪
♪ You've got dreams of your own ♪
♪ So go and get them ♪
♪ It's time to turn the tide ♪
♪ Don't let your colors hide ♪
♪ No one can take your pride ♪
♪ Unless you let them ♪
♪ You just have to believe ♪
♪ No one could ever dress you down ♪
♪ Gotta wear your crown ♪
♪ Shout it loud ♪
♪ And let the world know how
Your DNA is perfectly made ♪
♪ Gotta shout it loud ♪
♪ Wear your crown
And shine your light around ♪
♪ Don't waste a day
It's time to be brave ♪
♪ Gotta wear your crown ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Let's celebrate ♪
♪ Gotta shout it loud ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Gotta wear your crown ♪
♪ Gotta wear your crown
Or your tiara ♪
♪ Now is the time
To bust out the mascara ♪
♪ Who needs shade?
There's nothing duller ♪
♪ We livin' life in full Technicolor ♪
♪ But if your sparkle starts to fade ♪
♪ Go out and start your own parade ♪
♪ And if somebody starts in
With new drama ♪
♪ Just go high. like Michelle Obama! ♪
♪ You just have to believe ♪
♪ No one could ever dress you down ♪
♪ Gotta wear your crown ♪
♪ Shout it loud ♪
♪ And let the world know how
Your DNA is perfectly made ♪
♪ Gotta shout it loud ♪
♪ Stand your ground
And join us in the crowd ♪
♪ This is your day
It's time to be brave ♪
♪ Gotta wear your crown ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Let's celebrate
Gotta wear your crown ♪
[Barry] ♪ Early one morning
You'll wake up and find ♪
♪ A note's been slipped
Beneath your door ♪
♪ It says the same thing
That I wrote in mine ♪
♪ Mom. I love you
But I can't lie anymore ♪
♪ And in that moment
You'll forget to breathe ♪
♪ Your future has no guarantee ♪
♪ Will you disown the girl
You say you love ♪
♪ Like my mother did ♪
♪ 'Cause she couldn't see that ♪
♪ Love is simply love ♪
♪ There's no judgment and no shame ♪
♪ The only thing to understand ♪
♪ Is that
All of our hearts beat the same ♪
♪ Love is simply love ♪
♪ So what are you frightened of? ♪
♪ Your daughter loves you ♪
♪ And she's begging you to just realize ♪
♪ That love is simply love ♪
♪ I've seen this story
Far too many times ♪
♪ The broken lives. the wasted years ♪
♪ You're still her mother
And she's still your child ♪
♪ So don't let this end in tears ♪
♪ 'Cause love is simply love ♪
♪ There's no judgment and no shame ♪
♪ The only thing to understand ♪
♪ Is that all of our hearts
Beat the same ♪
♪ Oh. love is simply love ♪
♪ So what are you frightened of? ♪
♪ Your daughter needs you ♪
♪ And she's begging you to just realize ♪
♪ That love ♪
♪ Is simply love ♪
♪ It's time to build a prom
For everyone ♪
♪ Show them all it can be done ♪
♪ If music blares and no one cares
Who your unruly heart loves ♪
♪ Build it now ♪
♪ Make people see how the world
Could one day be ♪
♪ It might come true if we take a chance ♪
♪ But till that day comes
I say cue the drums ♪
♪ And take to the floor
That's what the floor's for ♪
♪ It's time to dance ♪
[Emma] ♪ I just want to dance with you ♪
[all] ♪ It's time to dance ♪
♪ Dance ♪
♪ It's time to dance! ♪